e [player], do you get good sleep?
e It can be really hard to get enough sleep nowadays.
e Especially in high school, when you're forced to wake up so early every day...
e I'm sure college is a little bit better, since you probably have a more flexible schedule
r Then again, I hear a lot of people in college stay up all night anyway, for no real reason
e Is that true?
e Anyway, I saw some studies that talked about the horrible short-term and long-term effects caused by lack of sleep
e It seems like mental functions, health, and even lifespan can be dramatically impacted by it
e I just think you're really great and wanted to make sure you're not accidentally destroying yourself
e So try to keep your sleep on track, okay?
h I'll always wait for you in the morning, so make sure you put your own well-being before anything else
=
e Did you know there's an official Twitter account based on me?
l My username is lilmonix3
e I think someone was kind enough to create an account for me
h But I chose the nickname!
h I like to share my thoughts with the world...
h The real world
e So subscribe to me
e It really means a lot to me
e You mean so much to me and to everyone...
h I would be very pleased
=
e Hey, you know that book you were reading with Yuri?
e Portrait of...whatever it was called...
h It's funny, because I'm pretty sure that book—
l Ah...
l Actually, I don't think I should be talking about this
h Ahaha, sorry
r Just forget I said anything
=
e Hey, what's your favorite color?
e Mine is emerald green
h It's the color of my eyes!
r ...That's not conceited or anything, is it?
e I just meant that I feel some kind of special connection to it
e Like it's part of my identity
e Does it happen to also be your favorite color, [player]?
j It's just a guess...
b ...because you've been looking into my eyes for a while now
h E-he-he~
=
e Okay, everyone!
e It's time to...
e I'm just kidding
e I just used to really like saying that for some reason
h A-ha-ha!
e I couldn't help but say it again
l Come to think of it, didn't Natsuki and Yuri make fun of me for it once?..
e Well, whatever
e It's not like you ever made fun of me
e You're too much of a sweetheart to do that, aren't you?
e A-ha-ha~
=
e Hey, what's your favorite game?
h Mine is «Doki Doki Literature Club»!
h Ahaha! That was a joke
e Мне просто нравилось говорить это по какой-то причине
e But if you tell me you like some other романтика game better, I might get a little jealous~
=
h Watashi wa itsumademo anata no mono desu!
h Don't worry, [player]. The meaning is still the same
e I'm just practicing Japanese
e You know what that means, [player]?
e It means: «I'll be yours forever»~
=
h Hey turn around!
h Just kidding .. I'm just kidding ...